In a moment we're gonna ride out.
We're gonna do a left hand turn out of this side road.
Okay.
Right up there, maybe do a U-turn by that pilon.
Don't go any further by that pilon there.
And then come back down,
and turn right back into the side road from the main road.
Do another U-turn sort of down by the end
of that wall somewhere there.
Don't go any further.
Okay, what sort of position do you think is a good position
to be in when you're negotiating a junction?
Do you think it's good to be right next to the curb?
No.
No, that's the pass position.
Do you think it's better to be in the following position
where you're in control of your side of the lane?
Remember we discussed that before?
Yes.
Yeah, so you're in the middle of your lane okay?
Another thing you have to do, obviously, which is
what all these drivers are doing
as well, is do lots of looking.
So observations are really key for us.
Do lots of looking when you're about to join the main road,
and then when you're about to turn back into the side road.
Think about who goes first.
You know what priority means, or right of way, yeah?
We have exactly the same rules as other road users.
As drivers you would know, you know how
the road system works.
How can you also let other road users know
what you're going to do if you're going to do a turn?
A signal?
Yeah. Communicate to them.
Make eye contact with them by looking over your shoulder.
Communicate to them with hand signals,
and that kind of thing, okay?
So think about looking, think about priority.
Think about whether it's you who goes first,
or whether it's the other road user who goes first.
Think about communicating or signalling to other road users,
and think about your road position, okay?
Shall we have a go at it?
Yeah.
Brilliant.
Hands back on the handlebar, Matt, before you make the turn.
Good road position.
Check behind you again, Farrah before you turn.
That's it. Well done.
Great road position, Matt. Well done.